README.md, before:

# CurriculumVitae v1.x

# Latest Resume for Alexander Koik-Cestone

<a href="/CurriculumVitae/Alexander_Koik-Cestone_resume.pdf">Link to Resume / CV</a>

# Format

This CV is written in XeLaTeX from Overleaf.com. It is based on the <a href="https://www.overleaf.com/latex/templates/single-column-deedy-cv-slash-resume-template/zwyxmkbrfgtz">Single Column Deedy CV / Resume template.</a>

# Structure

The CV is divided into:

- Intro -- name, address, phone number, email, LinkedIn profile.
- Education -- degrees.
- Experience -- work experience.
- Certifications and classes -- certs and classes I have taken.
- Classes in progress -- classes I'm taking right now.
- Skills -- useful skills I have accumulated over the years.

# Source

Source for the main TeX file is available in the source folder.

# Log

## 9/3/2021

- Add certificate
  - React - The Complete Guide (Incl Hooks, React Router, Redux)
- Update "in progress" section
- Fix newline bug

## 8/22/2021

- Add skills
  - Redux Toolkit
  - Redux DevTools
  - React Developer Tools
  - Lighthouse
- Add Optimization section
- Rearrange Pluralsight, Codewars into the "training" section

## 8/5/2021

- Add skills
  - Webpack
  - REST API

## 8/4/2021

- Add LinkedIn Skills Assessment Badge
  - React / ReactJS

## 6/7/2021

- Add skills
  - Styled Components
  - NgRx
  - RxJS
- Rearranged DB skills into their own section
- Rearranged other programming/scripting skills into an easier-to-read flow

## 6/6/2021

- Add skills
  - Trello
  - Front-end Development
  - VBA
- Add project link
  - Plan to elaborate on this more.
- Add footnote indicating which skills have LinkedIn Skill Assessment Badges
  - Word
  - Excel
  - JavaScript
  - jQuery
  - Angular
  - HTML5
  - CSS
  - JSON
  - MySQL
- Add IDE skills
  - VS Code
  - IntelliJ IDEA
  - Brackets
- Add Pluralsight
  - Pluralsight section
  - Links to Pluralsight skill IQs
    - JavaScript
    - HTML5
- Improve spacing in skills subsections

## 5/24/2021

- Add React: The Big Picture Pluralsight course
- Add skills
  - React
  - Redux
  - Create-react-app
  - TypeScript
  - Jasmine
- Link improvement
  - Color hyperlinks
  - Make all links more obvious
  - Rearrange / simplify header links
  - GitHub link

## 5/20/2021

Add Agile for One Pluralsight course

## 5/15/2021

Update Codewars (5 kyu)

## 5/11/2021

- Add LaTeX skill
- Add Codewars section

Commit message:

Freelance projects section, SQL experience, add years of experience to skills, add descriptions to title links

README.md, after:

# CurriculumVitae v1.x

# Latest Resume for Alexander Koik-Cestone

<a href="/CurriculumVitae/Alexander_Koik-Cestone_resume.pdf">Link to Resume / CV</a>

# Format

This CV is written in XeLaTeX from Overleaf.com. It is based on the <a href="https://www.overleaf.com/latex/templates/single-column-deedy-cv-slash-resume-template/zwyxmkbrfgtz">Single Column Deedy CV / Resume template.</a>

# Structure

The CV is divided into:

- Intro -- name, address, phone number, email, LinkedIn profile.
- Education -- degrees.
- Experience -- work experience.
- Certifications and classes -- certs and classes I have taken.
- Classes in progress -- classes I'm taking right now.
- Skills -- useful skills I have accumulated over the years.

# Source

Source for the main TeX file is available in the source folder.

# Log

## 9/17/2021
- Add Freelance Projects subsection to Experience
- Improve SQL and database-related experience
- Add number of years experience to skills
- Add descriptions to title links

## 9/3/2021

- Add certificate
  - React - The Complete Guide (Incl Hooks, React Router, Redux)
- Update "in progress" section
- Fix newline bug

## 8/22/2021

- Add skills
  - Redux Toolkit
  - Redux DevTools
  - React Developer Tools
  - Lighthouse
- Add Optimization section
- Rearrange Pluralsight, Codewars into the "training" section

## 8/5/2021

- Add skills
  - Webpack
  - REST API

## 8/4/2021

- Add LinkedIn Skills Assessment Badge
  - React / ReactJS

## 6/7/2021

- Add skills
  - Styled Components
  - NgRx
  - RxJS
- Rearranged DB skills into their own section
- Rearranged other programming/scripting skills into an easier-to-read flow

## 6/6/2021

- Add skills
  - Trello
  - Front-end Development
  - VBA
- Add project link
  - Plan to elaborate on this more.
- Add footnote indicating which skills have LinkedIn Skill Assessment Badges
  - Word
  - Excel
  - JavaScript
  - jQuery
  - Angular
  - HTML5
  - CSS
  - JSON
  - MySQL
- Add IDE skills
  - VS Code
  - IntelliJ IDEA
  - Brackets
- Add Pluralsight
  - Pluralsight section
  - Links to Pluralsight skill IQs
    - JavaScript
    - HTML5
- Improve spacing in skills subsections

## 5/24/2021

- Add React: The Big Picture Pluralsight course
- Add skills
  - React
  - Redux
  - Create-react-app
  - TypeScript
  - Jasmine
- Link improvement
  - Color hyperlinks
  - Make all links more obvious
  - Rearrange / simplify header links
  - GitHub link

## 5/20/2021

Add Agile for One Pluralsight course

## 5/15/2021

Update Codewars (5 kyu)

## 5/11/2021

- Add LaTeX skill
- Add Codewars section
